[Music]
what your sleeping position reveals
about your personality today we're
really excited to present a simple test
that can reveal a lot about who you are
trust us it's really straightforward
watch this video and pick a position
which you think you sleep in most of the
time to learn something new about
yourself position number one with the
knees out scientists say that this is
one of the healthiest positions to sleep
soundly through the night there's
another fact if you can't fall asleep
without sticking your knees out whilst
lying on your side then you are a calm
and reliable person it's not easy to
offend you and you're not scared of the
future you smile even on the most
miserable winter morning and can adjust
to any changes that occur in your life
seems that you are the optimistic one
position number two the fetus this is
one of the most popular sleeping
positions in the world if you mainly
sleep in the fetal position then you
often feel the need to be protected
understood and sympathized with by
curling up in this way you literally try
to cut yourself off from the problems
you face day after day although you seem
tough you are a very sensitive person
the perfect outlet for your talents and
potential would be to paint learn to
dance or write a blog don't be shy
unleash your creativity
position number three on the stomach
if you sleep lying on your stomach with
your arms and legs sticking out then you
can call yourself a leader as an
impulsive person you take the initiative
and make sure there is ordering both
your personal and professional lives you
prefer to plan everything in advance and
you aren't a big fan of surprises you
can hardly cope with personal criticism
but your ability to persevere and your
sense of responsibility help you achieve
great success position number four on
the back if you sleep lying on your back
then you're most likely a positive
person who loves life and good company
also you like to be at the center of
attention
you work stubbornly and persistently but
in a rational way and prefer to always
tell the truth people who sleep in this
position often have very strong
personalities position number five the
soldier if you sleep like a soldier at
attention lying on your back with your
arms at your sides and you're probably a
well-adjusted person you know your life
goals and single-mindedly strive to
achieve them you can be strict pedantic
and demanding but mostly to yourself
above all you're also a good listener
that's why you have so many friends
position number six with one meet up if
you sleep like a hearin with one knee
raised then it might mean you're an
unpredictable person who is often drawn
to all kinds of adventures however
sometimes your mood changes so fast that
it can be confusing for people around
you but often you find it difficult to
be decisive and make a choice in general
you have a preference for stability
thoroughness peace and quiet in the work
in life and if you sleep in different
poses rather than one that's a sign that
you have
a multi-faceted personality it means you
have some hidden depths not even you
yourself fully comprehend yet well it
was true for me
how about you were we right about your
personality share your thoughts in the
comments down below and if you've
enjoyed the video hit that thumbs up
button in case you're visiting our
channel for their first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life